# Exit-Ticket
Exit Ticket

This class has been one of many challenges and fun. When I started this class, I had no idea what I was getting myself into. Digital archaeology, even though being literally what its name is, has never crossed my mind and I never realized that it was a real thing. But the more this class went on the more I learned of what this field of study entails. It is interesting to examine the historic world through the digital one. Again, it never crossed my mind that you could examine artifacts and do field research in archeology from the comfort of your own home. The topics we learned in this class were interesting also. That of the graveyard project was one of the most interesting ones where we actually got to interact with the real-life artifacts and had to make reports on them. I like this a lot because it incorporated a hands-on experience rather than just studying behind a screen. This class also brought to my attention the numerous databases archaeologists use to organize and publicize findings. This idea of having public online databases is very significant because all of those who share a love of history can explore and learn about many artifacts of the ancient world. This class also showed us how to code and add information to certain databases. Personally, this was my least favourite part but that was probably because I do not really know how to code and I am not much of a computer guy. Nevertheless, by following the steps, I did manage to code certain parts of the course, something I would never think I would be able to do on my own. Both the physical work and readings of this course added many new perspectives to my perception of what archaeology is. Looking at the work and certain readings also brought to my attention the countless struggles and problems archaeologists run into in order to produce such historic findings. When looking at the notion of “failing gloriously” I would have to refer back to the coding part of this class. I went into this class with no prior experience of Coding. Even though this was for me the most frustrating part of the class and I probably spent the most time trying to figure out how to code. I would say that this course helped me at least get a basic understanding of how to code. I can now say that I have previous experience in computer coding. This is obviously a glorious fail because even though I did struggle and failed countless times in order to make the code succeed, I ended up with some type of knowledge of how to actually code. Overall, this class was very pleasant. I enjoyed most of the work and tasks that we had to do and on top of this found them interesting and engaging. I also enjoyed how flexible this class was. Like I have mentioned in some of my consolidations before, online school is just not the best. So, having a class like this where it was easier to handle and a lot more flexible in terms of scheduling, was a real bonus to this already enjoyable class. Lastly, I also liked how this class used discord as a social space. This was the first time I had an educational course use discord as a sort of classroom. Overall, it was a really good decision to use discord because it is easy to use and helped students connect with each other more than Zoom or BigBlueButton. The last thing I will say is that I was happy to be a part of this experience and hopefully, if my schedule allows, I can take another one of your classes. Have a great second semester. 
